add cohort onboarding article (#141)
eggheadio/how-to-egghead: content/instructor/getting-started/onboarding/index.mdx

---
date: 2020-04-29
title: 'Instructor Cohort Timeline'
description: 'This article describes the onboarding process for new instructors.'
categories: ['instructor', 'getting-started']
published: true
shareImage: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dg3gyk0gu/image/upload/v1571260698/og-image-assets/share_image_getting_started.png'
---

> We start a new instructor cohort about every month. It will last for the full month, and the goal is to get you up to speed as a published egghead instructor over the month.

Author: I generalized the language so it's more informative on the whole process and took the CTA out.

> We start a new instructor cohort about every month. It will last for the full month, and the goal is to get you up to speed as a published egghead instructor over the month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We start a new instructor cohort about every month to quarter depending on active interest. Each cohort will last for the full month, and the goal is to get you up to speed as a published egghead instructor over the month.
```

During the month we are going to focus on a few goals:

## Week 1: The First Lesson Draft and First Collection Brainstorming

We will choose a topic and record a rough draft lesson. Once that is done we will send you [some audio equipment](/instructor/screencasting/audio-equipment).

We will also start talking about what your [first collection of lessons](/instructor/collections) will be about. This might be an expansion of your first lesson or an entirely new example you'd like to teach. Once we figure out the idea, you will submit a proposal for your collection.

## Week 2: Publish First Lesson, start a Second Lesson, and Plan a Collection

> Once your gear arrives via Fedex, you will set it up and record the final draft for your first lesson! 🎉

Reviewer: link to gear?

Author: Ah I did above but I can hear as well

We will also pick another topic and record a single lesson on an important concept of that topic.

> Once your first lesson is published we will [schedule a planning session](/instructor/workshops/planning-process) based on your collection proposal. This is a one hour session where we explore the ideas in your proposal, scope out the concepts and outcomes that the collection is delivering, and gain a mutually clear understanding of what you will teach.

Author: Felt necessary to link to the planning process examples that we have

Now that we've got a scope and plan for producing a collection of related lessons, it's time to plan the example code that you will be teaching from. The example code provides a basis for the full scope of the collection, so we will be keeping it simple and achievable.

We also encourage you to record (at least) one single lesson on a concept completely different from your planned collection.

## Week 4: Start recording lessons for your collection

Your collection is scoped.

You've published several egghead lessons.

You sound great through your professional audio equipment.

Now it's time to record! 🤗

This is the final week and the goal is to record and publish your collection.

What's next?

After week 4, **you can expect us to be there at every step of the way to help you** publish lessons, collections, workshops, and courses. We work on your schedule, and strive to support you as much as possible. Check out [these case studies](/instructor/case-studies) to get an idea of how we've collaborated with other instructors to help them achieve their goals as educators and entrepreneurs.

We look forward to working with YOU on YOUR case study! 😀

> 

Author: This was removed from right here:

"Please let me know if you're ready to commit. If so, we will get you invited to Basecamp and our first group chat so we can discuss what to expect and meet the other instructors that will be participating this month as well."
